README.md, before:

# Open Preprint Systems

> Open Preprint Systems (OPS) has been developed by the Public Knowledge Project. For general information about OPS and other open research systems, visit the [PKP web site][pkp].

[![Build Status](https://app.travis-ci.com/pkp/ops.svg?branch=main)](https://app.travis-ci.com/pkp/ops)

## Using Git development source

Checkout submodules and copy default configuration :

    git submodule update --init --recursive
    cp config.TEMPLATE.inc.php config.inc.php

Install or update dependencies via Composer (https://getcomposer.org/):

    composer --working-dir=lib/pkp install
    composer --working-dir=plugins/generic/citationStyleLanguage install

Install or update dependencies via [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/):

    # install [nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/) if you don't already have it
    npm install
    npm run build

If your PHP version supports built-in development server :

    php -S localhost:8000

See the [Documentation Hub][doc-hub] for a more complete development guide.

## Community Code of Conduct
This repository is one of PKP's community spaces and all activities here are guided by [PKP's Code of Conduct](https://pkp.sfu.ca/code-of-conduct/). Please review the Code and help us create a welcoming environment for all participants.

## License

This software is released under the the [GNU General Public License][gpl-licence].

See the file [COPYING][gpl-licence] included with this distribution for the terms
of this license.

Third parties are welcome to modify and redistribute OPS in entirety or parts
according to the terms of this license. PKP also welcomes patches for
improvements or bug fixes to the software.

[pkp]: https://pkp.sfu.ca/
[readme]: docs/README.md
[doc-hub]: https://docs.pkp.sfu.ca/
[php-unit]: https://phpunit.de/
[gpl-licence]: docs/COPYING

Commit message:

pkp/pkp-lib#7466 Remove unused docs

README.md, after:

# Open Preprint Systems

[![Build Status](https://app.travis-ci.com/pkp/ops.svg?branch=main)](https://app.travis-ci.com/pkp/ops)

Open Preprint Systems (OPS) is open source software developed by the [Public Knowledge Project](https://pkp.sfu.ca/) to manage a preprint server. [Learn More](https://pkp.sfu.ca/software/ops/)

## Usage

Read one of these guides to get started using OPS:

- Read the [Admin Guide](https://docs.pkp.sfu.ca/admin-guide/) to learn how to install and configure the application from an official release package. Use this guide to deploy to production.
- Read the [Getting Started](https://docs.pkp.sfu.ca/dev/documentation/en/getting-started) guide to learn how to install the application from this source repository. Use this guide for local development.

Visit our [Documentation Hub](https://docs.pkp.sfu.ca/) for user guides, tutorials, and technical documentation.

## Bugs / Feature Requests

> ⚠️ If you have found a security risk or vulnerability, please read our [security policy](SECURITY.md).

All issues should be filed at the [pkp/pkp-lib](https://github.com/pkp/pkp-lib/issues/) repository. Feature requests can be made at our [Community Forum](https://forum.pkp.sfu.ca/). Learn more about how to [report a problem](https://docs.pkp.sfu.ca/dev/contributors/#report-a-problem).

## Community Code of Conduct

This repository is a PKP community space. All activities here are governed by [PKP's Code of Conduct](https://pkp.sfu.ca/code-of-conduct/). Please review the Code and help us create a welcoming environment for all participants.

## Contributions

Read the [Contributor's Guide](https://docs.pkp.sfu.ca/dev/contributors/) to learn how to make a pull request. This document describes our code formatting guidelines as well as information about how we organize stable branches and submodules.

## License

This software is released under the the [GNU General Public License][gpl-licence].

See the file [COPYING][gpl-licence] included with this distribution for the terms
of this license.

Third parties are welcome to modify and redistribute OPS in entirety or parts
according to the terms of this license. PKP also welcomes patches for
improvements or bug fixes to the software.
